Abstract

As digital content experiences extraordinary growth, multimedia organizations in- creasingly require effective and scalable metadata generation strategies. This re- search project investigates the potential of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in this field by addressing the following research question: "To what extent can AI play a role in the process of generating metadata for digital video archives in broadcasting corporations?"
A quantitative approach was employed, involving the implementation and evaluation of pre-trained AI models performing popular tasks such as multilabel image classification, image segmentation, object detection and image captioning. In total, seven individual models were tested on data provided by TelevisionCo, a Danish broadcasting company. Besides the individual models, a hard voting en- semble approach was pursued to investigate whether an ensemble of AI models can outperform individual AI models. Finally, this thesis investigated the necessity of analyzing each frame in a video to produce coherent metadata.
The results revealed that ensembles outperform individual models. The best performing ensemble yielded a similarity score of 36.85% and carried a business value of 96,439,139 DKK for TelevisionCo, outweighing their current metadata costs. Moreover, the results indicated that not all frames needed to be analysed for coherent metadata, and suggested an optimal duplicate removal threshold where MeanSquaredError = 640.
The findings of this project have significant implications for both multimedia corporations and the academic community. The results demonstrate the potential of AI to revolutionize metadata generation processes, enhance efficiency, and contribute to cost reduction and resource allocation. Furthermore, these findings open new avenues for academic research in the application of AI within the multimedia domain.

Keywords: automatic metadata generation, digital video archives, broadcasting corporations, artificial intelligence, ensemble learning
