# CBS_Projects
This repository is a collection of the relevant projects I completed during my MSc in Business Administration and Data Science at Copenhagen Business School.

**Master Program Description**
The Master Science program taught students to design, develop, implement, test and document technical business data analytics solutions to support organizational processes and/or satisfy business needs by using data analytics oriented programming languages such as Python and R, big data platforms such as Hadoop and Spark, and open source technologies. The program included a mix of theory and hands-on exercises, working with visual, text and predictive analytic techniques including latest methodologies from data mining, machine learning, and deep learning to transform big data sets into business assets. Students learned about the role of data analytics in the digital economy and how companies can deal with the challenges and opportunities provided by the increasing availability of data, which is changing the business landscape. They understood the strategic and operational impact digitalization has on business innovation and strategy. In combination with courses on visual analytics, students were able to communicate across both the technical and the business side of business intelligence in both the development and presentation of solutions using business data analytics. They also worked with theoretical foundation and statistical analysis software packages such as R, MATLAB, and SAS to analyze and select the relevant method and model to perform predictive analysis and forecasting to produce fact-based platforms for decision making. The program also covered international and national regulations and legislations for assessing and designing business data analytics solutions and products in accordance with the applicable legislation to ensure regulatory compliance and reflect on data ethics.
